Update filter.md (#302)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/rest-api/filter.md

```
/api/rest/v1/products?search={"completeness":[{"operator":"GREATER OR EQUALS THAN ON ALL LOCALES","value":100,"locales":["en_US","fr_FR"],"scope":"ecommerce"}]}
```
:::info

> Filtering on completness is also available for published products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filtering on completeness is also available for published products.
```

/api/rest/v1/products?search={"description":[{"operator":"NOT EMPTY","locale":"en_US","scope":"ecommerce"},{"operator":"EMPTY","locale":"fr_FR","scope":"ecommerce"}]}
```

:::info

> Filtering on product values is also available for published products.

Reviewer: As it has no meaning to use this filter, let's remove this mention.

Author: I'm sorry I don't understand why :/ In this case, the two mentions above has also no sense, no?

/api/rest/v1/products?search={"description":[{"operator":"STARTS WITH","value":"Amazing","scope":"ecommerce"}],"short_description":[{"operator":"CONTAINS","value":"shoes","scope":"ecommerce"}]}&search_locale=en_US
```

:::info

> `search_locale` query parameter is also available for the published products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This query parameter is also available for the published products.
```
